"They seem splendid: you must be quite the teacher."

"I am flattered, woman. What is your urgency? What is your ask?"

"What is my offer, you mean." the elven songstress purred. She was close- too close. The mage watched her eyes, then her shoulders, fearing she may have a hidden knife, or an accomplice close at hand. "You are a mage, after all. And I've come across a unique opportunity for you. A book of powerful spells, which I'd be happy to part with, for the right price. Surely, a man of the Black Network wants not for foes... imagine what an edge this could be for you."

The mage chuckled. He was starting to feel quite alarmed.

"A book of powerful spells, you say. And what price would it command, if you were to have your way?"

"I'd ask for my weight in gold, but that would be too little, wouldn't it? So perhaps yours... or, if you'll allow me a sinful thought, ours both, together." she purred. "Yes, I would like that the most."

"I swear, I am not carrying my weight in gulders."

"But surely you must have gems. Enchanted by a sorcerer, over four days, worth a small fortune each..."

"You're overbold, singer," he raised an eyebrow, a quiet note of anger rising in his voice "to listen in on our conversation and so frely weigh in, after admitting to something a lesser sorcerer would slay over- if as you say, I serve the Black Network."

"Does it bother you I do not cower, fawn, and swoon at your puissance, like humans do? I would be wealthy and know excitement. Why else mingle with despoilers of the Moonsea?"

"The follies of men and elves, good woman, are without end."

She narrowed her eyes.

"So are you just teasing me, are you not interested in buying?"

"I didn't say that." he hissed. "If it is quite as powerful as you imply, I can part with about twelve hundred gulders..."

"What? That's insulting, you little-!" she gasped, her cheeks quickly rising in angry red.

"...the sort that are ten to the pound." he clarified. She blinked slowly, and after what seemed like a nervous struggle with the numbers, gulped, regaining her composure, though with a new hesitation to her voice.

"No. No, no, I want twice that. Think of it this way: it's your body I want, mine on top."

"And I would be a fool to miss such an opportunity. Alas, I'd be a fool to trust you just the same. May I have an hour?"

"An hour? For free?" she winced. "You must be out of your mind."

"A quarter hour, then. I shall find a reputable gemsmith, and ask them to measure the bounty I carry, lest I do you wrong."

The fence beamed.

"Well, that's quite giving. I like that in a lover."

"I'm going to blush. Lass, it is not mere generosity, I need two other things- whether we buy or not, tell no one of me, or my apprentices, or the Black Network. You strike me as too popular to slay, too personable to impersonate. So long as there is an alternative, I would sooner not make a foe of you."

"Dangerous man, after all. What's the other thing?"

"A lock of your hair."

"What for?"

"I'll use my magic to send the valuation of my offer to you."

She hummed.

"You are not yet fit to touch one of my hairs. I'll find you, and then you can tell me what the value is." she clicked her tongue.

"Very well. One bell from now, I'll see you again, with a proper valuation of my offer. We'll see then if you're still interested. Oh, if it's only enough for your body, let it be... your down payment."

"Ah! You're the worst!"

"Yet it is you that flirts so shamelessly with this old man, all for the riches he would bequeath his heirs. Have you no shame?"

"I'll confess to a weakness for such old men as yourself." she grinned. "If only it were so easy for elves to attest they've lived to a ripe old age."

The man chuckled, politely excused himself, and walked back towards his apprentices on the table.

"An opportunity seems to have turned up. I'll need all of our gems."

Kraje choked for an instant, afterwards breaking into raucous laughter, snorting beer out of his nose.
